[Term Entry] Python Plotly .box() (#4781)
Codecademy/docs: content/plotly/concepts/express/terms/box/box.md

> ---
> Title: '.box()'
> Description: 'Creates box plots'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Methods'
>   - 'Libraries'
>   - 'Data'
>   - 'Graphs'
>   - 'Plotly'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-python-3'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science-foundations'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.box()'
Description: 'Creates a box plot to visualize the distribution of data points through their quartiles.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Data'
  - 'Graphs'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Libraries'
  - 'Plotly'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> A box plot is a visual representation of the distribution of numeric data through quartiles. It uses boxes and lines to depict the distributions of one or more groups of numeric data. The box limits indicate the range of the central 50% of the data, with a central line marking the median value. In Plotly, the **`.box()`** method is present in the `plotly.express` high-level interface, is used to make box plots with one or two variables.

Reviewer: Can you re-check this once? Or share with me the reference about the `50%` data part?

Author: [Here is the Link](https://www.atlassian.com/data/charts/box-plot-complete-guide) from where I have written that.

## Syntax

```pseudo
plotly.express.box(data_frame=None, x=None, y=None, color=None, labels=None, title=None, ...)
```

- `data_frame`: The dataset containing the variables to be plotted.
- `y`: The data for the y-axis.
- `x` (Optional): The data for the x-axis
- `color` (Optional): A column name in the data frame that determines the color of the boxes.
- `labels` (Optional): Key-value pairs with the original column names as the key and the custom column names as the value.

> - `title` (Optional): The title of the box plot.

Reviewer: Put this into the proper sequence (`y` is before `x`) and also check this once, because `x` and `y` are option parameters i guess. Please recheck this

Author: Actually, you have to give one of the parameter, either `x` or `y`.
For example,
```pseudo
fig = px.box(data_frame=df, title="The Total Bill Spent On Meals") -> Error
fig = px.box(data_frame=df, y="total_bill", title="The Total Bill Spent On Meals") -> Ok
fig = px.box(data_frame=df, x="time", title="The Total Bill Spent On Meals") -> Ok
fig = px.box(data_frame=df, x="time", y="total_bill", title="The Total Bill Spent On Meals") -> Ok
```
If we give one of them, another one automatically becomes optional.

> **Note:** The ellipsis (...) indicates that there can be additional optional arguments beyond those listed here.

## Example

> Below are two examples that show how to use the `.box()` method to create box plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example shows how to use the `.box()` method to create box plots:
```

```py
# Importing plotly.express as px
import plotly.express as px

# Loading a built-in data frame
df = px.data.tips()

# Creating the box plot with the variable time as the x variable and the variable total_bill as the y variable
fig = px.box(data_frame=df, x="time", y="total_bill", title="The Total Bill Spent On Meals")

# Showing the box plot
fig.show()
```

> In the above example, a plot of the total bill spent on meals (in $) is plotted from the data frame. The `x` parameter is set to the `time` variable of the data frame, and the `y` parameter is set to the `total_bill` variable of the data frame. In the `time` variable of the data frame, there are two distinct data points: Dinner and Lunch. Therefore, the output has two box plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example, a plot of total meal expenses ($) is generated from the data frame. The `x` axis corresponds to the `time` variable, which categorizes data into two distinct points: Dinner and Lunch. The `y` axis represents the `total_bill` variable, showing the distribution of expenses for each mealtime. Consequently, the output includes two box plots, each depicting the variability in total bills between Dinner and Lunch.
```
